README.md, before:

# Hldsrcon

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/hldsrcon`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'hldsrcon'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install hldsrcon

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/hldsrcon.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add README.md and relese version

README.md, after:

# Hldsrcon

Hldsrcon gem is Counter-Strike 1.6 Server remote console, the gem use UDP Socket to send and
receive data or to execute Counter-Strike 1.6 Server command and receive respons from Server.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'hldsrcon'
```

And then execute:

```
$ bundle
```

Or install it yourself as:

```
$ gem install hldsrcon
```

## Usage

To use this game you have first to installet the gem.
Use this example, create new ruby file rcon.rb and put this in it:

```ruby
require 'hldsrcon'

@conn = RconHlds.new("192.168.0.1", 27015, 29015)
@conn.rcon_pass('ctx')
rcon = @conn.rcon_command('sv_restart 1')
puts rcon
```

Note 'ctx' is the Counter-Strike 1.6 Server rcon_password.
After this run the rcon.rb file in terminal, make sure that your terminal directory is where the file is located
and after this run ruby rcon.rb. If everything go well you should get respons from server like this:
```
L 04/24/2016 - 10:04:21: Server cvar "sv_restart" = "1" 
```
If you get:
```
Bad Rcon 
```
Your Counter-Strike 1.6 Server rcon_password is wrong.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
